can you get that what it is guys my name
is swifters and today I have for you all
some information regarding the
collector's edition of call of duty
black ops 3 now guys before I jump right
into today's video be usually like down
below and also subscribe so you guys
never miss a feature call of duty black
ops 2 video uploaded here on my channel
and with that being said let's jump
right into today's video so as you guys
can see on scene right now at this image
was posted the other day a by check and
as you guys can see we have a zombie on
the left hand side and on the right it
says san diego july nine and now what
this is referring to is the comic-con
convention that will be taking place in
san diego california on july 9th where
we will be receiving an official world
reveal trailer for black ops 3 alongside
some other information for call of duty
black ops 3 now I actually already
covered a video talking about this topic
so if you'd like to check it out I will
level link to it down in the description
below but here's a brief article
discussing what's gonna be debuted at
the comic con convention and it says
call of duty invades comic-con for the
reveal of black ops 3 is highly
anticipated new as zombies mode be on
hand as zombies director Jason blundell
unveils checks new a mind-bending tale
of the undead don't miss the on stage
reveal of the star-studded cast
attendees will also get an exclusive
first look at the zombies reveal trailer
and receive multiple limited edition as
zombies and memorabilia only available
at comic-con plus catch additional black
ops 2 news as it breaks live including
the official announcement of the call of
duty black ops 3 collector's editions so
guys that last sentence call of duty
black ops the collector's editions not
edition editions that's plural which
means we are scheduled to be receiving a
couple of different variations of the
collector's edition for call of duty
black ops 3 now like previous Call of
Duty's I am assuming that we will have
the hardened edition alongside the
prestige edition and it is very possible
that we could receive a third variation
of the collector's edition
being an elite edition but we will see
what happens when the collector's
edition is revealed with the sub coming
july nine now as of now we really don't
have much information as to what could
potentially be included in each of these
collectors editions we can only
speculate and as most of you guys recall
in the official ember teaser for black
ops three the number 6 21 alongside the
date 621 it was scattered throughout the
entire ember teaser so a lot of people
speculated that we would receive some
huge black ops 2 information on jun 21st
and the only thing that we got from jerk
was this image seen on screen right now
as you guys can see it's a plush monkey
bomb toy and obviously monkey bombs are
significant in the black ops 2 and the
black ops 1 and in the world at war
storyline we know this to be the monkey
bomb so it's very possible that we will
be receiving a plush monkey bomb if me
collector's edition for black ops 3 I
think that would be pretty cool to just
have it sitting on your desk it says
some awesome memorabilia item for black
ops zombies but let me know your
thoughts about that down in the comments
section below what items do you guys
think we could be receiving in each
individual collector's edition for call
of duty black ops 3 so while you're at
it leave a like and subscribe so you
guys never miss a future call of duty
black ops the video uploaded here on my
channel but I'll catch you guys in the
next video and until next time guys this
has been Swift is a mouth piece